well howdy there enough people it's
bogey man I got well I'll have people
asking me he why's Trump being so
wishy-washy man I I feel for him I feel
for him right now I really do
I've got a lot of sympathy for him
because he is coming to terms with some
stuff and it cannot be easy it cannot be
easy for him he's in a no-win situation
of his own making right now he can't
really exercise a military response the
reason he can't is his own fault he
doesn't read his intelligence reports he
watches Fox News and he gets his
information at the same time as the
American public you know that old saying
what the American public doesn't know is
what makes them the American public this
has been kind of cast as this crazy
spectacular unprecedented event at this
refinery except in August they had an
oil fill in July the hidden airport in
June they had an airport in May they had
a pipeline earlier in May they took out
a patriot system in January a bunch of
generals in May of the preview this goes
on but he didn't respond to any of those
because they didn't make Fox News he
didn't happen more likely if he responds
to this one after not responding to the
others what is it it's war for a while
it's that simple
that puts him on a pretty bad footing to
try to build a coalition around that
then when it comes to diplomacy he's got
a whole other issue contrary to the
popular belief of many of his supporters
not all Muslims are the same I'm willing
to bet that the president was unaware of
the geopolitical issues surrounding Iran
and Saudi Arabia one being a Sunni
regional superpower and one being a Shia
regional superpower now the Saudis
they've been kind of kept in check
because of long relationship with the
u.s. arms sells oil purchases their semi
friendly Iran they were a wild card for
a while then they got better if only
there was some deal that was keeping
them in check it was and he scrapped it
and now to return to the diplomatic
table well kind of makes him look like
Obama doesn't it especially because he's
going to have to get rid of the
sanctions to even sit down
man that's got to be a tough pill to
swallow for him I mean that's got to
hurt deep down and then the talking
points that came out well Iran has to be
held responsible because they supplied
the weaponry the technology and I
guarantee you in that room there was
some regional analysts going so we
supplied the Saudis at the same time and
they did some pretty bad stuff with with
what we gave them that they may not be a
good talking point to try to rally
support because if we go that route well
our weapons supplies will be examined
she can't go there either the talking
points are bad
he doesn't have options because
geopolitics on this level in that region
it's a little bit more complicated the
building Golf Course
he's in a situation of his own making
and there's no easy way out of it I mean
there is there is but I don't know that
his administration listens to weirdos
but hopefully there is some weirdo in
that room right now going you know the
real question is with all of the arms
deals that we've done with the Saudis
why were they unable to protect their
critical infrastructure that's his way
out there's only way out really is to
basically blame the Saudis for it and
then point out that this is critical
infrastructure it was all telegraphed
they knew that these these type of
incidents were going to occur and they
didn't and unprotect it there's no
reason American lives should be risked
and wasted because they didn't fulfill
their duties that's his way out now I
don't know if he has any advisors that
will tell him that the people on his
staff do not seem to be the sharpest so
as far as the other question of what's
gonna happen I don't have a clue I have
no idea what the guys do no clue but
they don't have a lot of viable options
that don't turn bad for them very very
quickly either politically or militarily
it may just be just a reminder that the
American public needs
running the country and the largest war
machine on the planet it is probably a
little different than being able to sell
your brand anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night